Mission 1: Mail servers for starwars.com
Mail servers:

aspmx.l.google.com
alt2.aspmx.l.google.com
aspmx3.googlemail.com
aspmx2.googlemail.com
alt2.aspmx.l.google.com
Explanation:
The Resistance isn't receiving any emails possibly due to configuration issues with their mail server or connectivity problems preventing the emails from reaching their destination.

Suggested DNS corrections:
Ensure that the Resistance's mail server is properly configured to accept emails from the designated Google mail servers. Verify network connectivity and firewall settings to allow incoming emails.

Mission 2: Sender Policy Framework (SPF) of theforce.net
SPF Record:

theforce.net    text = "v=spf1 a mx a:mail.wise-advice.com mx:smtp.secureserver.net include:aspmx.googlemail.com ip4:45.63.15.159 ip4:45.63.4.215  ~all"
Explanation:
The Force's emails might be going to spam due to an incomplete or outdated SPF record that doesn't authorize all legitimate sources of email sending.

Suggested DNS corrections:
Update the SPF record to include all relevant sources (A, MX records, IP addresses) and regularly review and update DNS settings to ensure emails are properly authorized.

Mission 3: Document the CNAME records
CNAME Record:

www.theforce.net        canonical name = theforce.net

Explanation:
The subpage resistance.theforce.net isn’t redirecting to theforce.net because there's no DNS record (CNAME or A record) for resistance.theforce.net.

Suggested DNS corrections:
Add a DNS entry (CNAME or A record) for resistance.theforce.net pointing to theforce.net to enable redirection to the main domain.

Mission 4: Confirm the DNS records for princessleia.site
DNS Records:

princessleia.site       nameserver = ns26.domaincontrol.com.
princessleia.site       nameserver = ns25.domaincontrol.com.

Explanation:
The DNS records for princessleia.site are hosted on ns25.domaincontrol.com and ns26.domaincontrol.com.

Suggested DNS record corrections:
Regularly update and monitor DNS records, ensure accurate IP addresses, implement DNSSEC for security, and verify DNS provider settings to prevent future issues.

Mission 5: Document the shortest OSPF path from Batuu to Jedha
OSPF Path:
BATUU → C → E → F → J → I → L → Q → T → V → JEDHA

OSPF Path Cost:
1 + 2 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 6 + 4 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 23

Mission 6: Wireless key and Host IP/MAC addresses
Wireless Key:
KEY FOUND! [dictionary]

Host IP and MAC addresses:

Sender MAC address: 00:0f:66:e3:e4:01
Sender IP address: 172.16.0.1
Target MAC address: 00:13:ce:55:98:ef
Target IP address: 172.16.0.101
Mission 7: Screenshot of results
Please insert the screenshot of the results for Mission 7. This could include network configurations, commands outputs, or any relevant information needed to complete the mission.

